Docs - note when partitioning using concatenated dimensions (#11506)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/native-batch.md

#### Single-dimension range partitioning

> Single dimension range partitioning is currently not supported in the sequential mode of the Parallel task.

The Parallel task will use one subtask when you set `maxNumConcurrentSubTasks` to 1.

> > Be aware that, with this technique, segment sizes could be skewed if your chosen `partitionDimension` is also skewed in source data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this technique to partition your data, you can wind up with varying segment sizes if the values for `partitionDimension` from your original data are unequally distributed.
```
@petermarshallio , is there a recommended action in this case? Select another dimension? Can autocompaction help?

> > While it is technically possible to concatenate multiple dimensions into a single new dimension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > that you go on to specify in `partitionDimension`, remember that you _must_ then use this newly concatenated dimension at query time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > in order for segment pruning to be effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is possible to concatenate multiple dimensions into a single new dimension to use for the  `partitionDimension`. To take advantage of the performance improvements of segment pruning in this case, you must use the newly concatenated dimension at query time.
```

The Parallel task will use one subtask when you set `maxNumConcurrentSubTasks` to 1.

> > When using this technique to partition your data, segment sizes may be unequally distributed if the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use this technique to partition your data, segment sizes may be unequally distributed if the data
```

> > in your `partitionDimension` is also unequally distributed.  Therefore, avoid imbalance in data layout and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your `partitionDimension` is also unequally distributed.  Therefore, to avoid imbalance in data layout, 
```

> > review the distribution of values in your source data before deciding on a partitioning strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 review the distribution of values in your source data before deciding on a partitioning strategy.
```

> > In order for segment pruning to be effective and translate into better query performance, you _must_ use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For segment pruning to be effective and translate into better query performance, you must use
```
we don't use ital for emphasis. "must" is enough emphasis

> > the `partitionDimension` at query time.  You can concatenate values from multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `partitionDimension` at query time.  You can concatenate values from multiple
```

> > dimensions into a new dimension to use as the `partitionDimension`. In this case, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dimensions into a new dimension to use as the `partitionDimension`. In this case, you
```

> > dimensions into a single new dimension that you then opt to specify in `partitionDimension`, remember that you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> dimensions into a new dimension to use as the `partitionDimension`. In this case, you
```

> > must use that new `partitionDimension` dimension in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must use that new dimension in your native filter `WHERE` clause.
```
I'm not convinced links are doing much work here. (maybe to filters).

> > [native filter](../querying/filters.md) /

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > [WHERE clause](../querying/sql.md#where).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > [native filter](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/querying/filters.html) /

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [native filter](../querying/filters.md) /
```
Use the relative path to the `.md` for links

> > [WHERE clause](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/querying/sql.html#where).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [WHERE clause](../querying/sql.md#where).
```
Is this link necessary?
